Feature/swiftlint update (#57)
infinum/ios-handbook: Tools/SwiftLint.md

You have the possibility to control which rule is disabled/enabled and set thresholds for warnings and errors for a given rule. Just create a `.swiflint.yml` file and add it to your project root directory.

You need to change the `ProjectNameTests`  to the name of your Tests folder in the Project.

> To disable a rule, remove it from the list of  `only_rules` and it will not be included in the linting process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable a rule, comment it out from the list of `only_rules` and it will not be included in the linting process. However, if you do so, leave a comment why the rule is disabled for future reference and as a reminder that in the end the project should be updated to accommodate the new rules.
```

> To customize a rule threshold for warnings and errors, go to the end of the file and change `warning` and `error` properties of the rule. If the rule is not present at the file end, just add it with your customization.

Reviewer 2: Can you add a similar note for this one as for the removing rules (Gorans comment)
